feat(icons): make decorative required + icon docs (#165)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/icons/index.mdx

if you need an icon we don't yet have or review our [icon contribution guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a2-KAwU6dOjmcPLRD8zQln_8zS52ti7zziq_JRjUa8E).

#### Why SVG?

PNGs and JPGs are created using thousands of tiny pixels. SVGs are made out of geometric
primitives such as points, lines, and basic shapes. Because of this attribute, SVGs can
be resized without any loss of quality to the image. We can also write code to change SVG
attributes in realtime. These characteristics are ideal for icons since we usually want to
customize their size or color. To do this with PNGs or JPGs we would need to create a
separate file for each variation.

#### Why React components?

If you're using any Paste component, you're familiar with how to install and use a React
component. Our icon components have accessibility baked in. They also use our tokens for
sizing and coloring. With icon components, you can import only the icons your project needs.

For more reading about icon components, please check our [rationale document](https://github.com/twilio-labs/svg-to-react/blob/master/RATIONALE.md).

> ### Usage guidelines

Reviewer: Based on the other component docs, this should be "When to use an icon"

Use an icon only when it provides additional clarity or is necessary to draw attention to a UI element.
If an icon is used to indicate hierarchy of a UI element, all elements at the same hierarchy should also be paired with an icon.

> #### Accessibility

Reviewer: Let's move this into "About icons" to elevate accessibility.

Using an icon as the only indication of meaning is inaccessible. Different cultures may interpret the same image
in different ways and visually impaired users may not see the icon. Here are some helpful guidelines to keep in mind:

- Set the `decorative` and `title` props correctly on your icons.
- Try to pair icons with text.
- Icons should not be interactive (i.e.: clickable or focuseable). They can be wrapped with an interactive element.

### Examples

<LivePreview scope={{PlusIcon, LoadingIcon}} language="jsx">
  {`<div>
  <PlusIcon title="Add to cart" decorative={false} />
  <LoadingIcon decorative={true} size="sizeIcon30" iconColor="colorTextError" />
</div>`}
</LivePreview>

---

## Usage Guide

### API

#### Installation

```bash
yarn add @twilio-paste/icons
```

#### Usage

Icons have to be imported individually. This import style was decided for performance reasons. As our icon

> set grows to contain over 100 icons, we don't want projects that only use a few icons to be burdened by

Reviewer: grammar nit: "that only use a few icons" --> "that use only a few icons"

that large of a payload.

```jsx
import {PlusIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/PlusIcon';

<Button variant="secondary" size="small" onClick={() => {}}>
  <PlusIcon decorative={true} />
  Add to cart
</Button>;
```

#### Props

| Prop       | Type      | Description                                                                                                                                           | Default        |
| ---------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| as?        | string    | The HTML tag to replace the default `<button>` tag.                                                                                                   | `span`         |

> | title?     | string    | The accesibility text that is read when screenreaders get to this component.                                                                          |                |

Reviewer: "accesibility" --> "accessibility"

import {Grid} from '../../components/grid';

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/icons/"}}) {
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<contentwrapper>

<TableOfContents headings={props.data.mdx.headings} />

<content>

<h1>{props.pageContext.frontmatter.title}</h1>

## Guidelines

### About icons

Icons are small graphical representation of a program or a function. They can be used to enhance the
appearance of a web interface and break up the monotony of text. Paste icons are distributed as both
SVG files and React components. Our base icon size is set to 24px. Our icon set is still limited,
we will be adding more as needed. Please [file a feature request](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/issues)
if you need an icon we don't yet have or review our [icon contribution guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a2-KAwU6dOjmcPLRD8zQln_8zS52ti7zziq_JRjUa8E).

#### Accessibility

Using an icon as the only indication of meaning is inaccessible. Different cultures may interpret the same image
in different ways and visually impaired users may not see the icon. Here are some helpful guidelines to keep in mind:

> - Set the `decorative` and `title` props correctly on your icons.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth providing details on how to do this? or linking to the part in the doc that tells me how?

Reviewer 2: OK, yeah, there's not really any detail in the doc teaching me how to do this well. I think readers would benefit if we provide a section on _how exactly_ to make a good, accessible icon. What the decorative attribute does, what makes a good title, etc.

Author: Let me know if this edit helped https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/pull/165/commits/9f387ffee77d7589f4f5027b3bf7db290eb1bfd2

Reviewer 2: Better, made a suggestion

- Try to pair icons with text.

> - Icons should not be interactive (i.e., clickable or focusable). They can be wrapped with an interactive element.

Reviewer 2: Would adding "... like a button or anchor" at the end help?

<content>

<h1>{props.pageContext.frontmatter.title}</h1>

For a full list of our system's available icons, please check [our storybook story](https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/overview-icons--list).

## Guidelines

### About icons

Icons are small graphical representation of a program or a function. They can be used to enhance the
appearance of a web interface and break up the monotony of text. Paste icons are distributed as both
SVG files and React components. Our base icon size is set to 24px. Our icon set is still limited,
we will be adding more as needed. Please [file a feature request](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/issues)
if you need an icon we don't yet have or review our [icon contribution guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a2-KAwU6dOjmcPLRD8zQln_8zS52ti7zziq_JRjUa8E).

#### Accessibility

Using an icon as the only indication of meaning is inaccessible. Different cultures may interpret the same image
in different ways and visually impaired users may not see the icon. Here are some helpful guidelines to keep in mind:

- Specify if the icon is [decorative](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decorative/) through the corresponding prop.

> - If an icon isn't decorative (and thus is informative), specify a `title` prop that screenreaders can read to explain to users what the icon is about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If an icon isn't decorative (and thus is informative), you must describe the icon in such a way that users of assistive technology can infer equal meaning as a sighted user would by setting the `title` prop. 
```

or something like that
